{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15980\viewh12480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To launch (and view) the widgeting framework, please execute the following steps:\
\
1. FOLLOW STEP 1 THE FIRST TIME ONLY! \
\
Browse to the folder the project was extracted to, and open the file settings-offline.xml At the top of the file is an XML tag called localRepository. You must change the contents of the XML tag to point to the "repository" folder that was included in the zip file. This must be an absolute path (i.e. on Windows: C:\\ozone\\repository or on Mac /Users/myUsername/ozone/repository). Do not put quotes around the path.\
\
2. Open a command line / terminal window, and navigate to the ozone-widgeting-framework folder the project was extracted to.\
\
3. Execute the following command from the command line: \
\
mvn clean jetty:run -s../settings-offline.xml\
\
NOTE: Any maven goals you wish to execute can be run from the command line, just remember to include the -s switch to tell maven to run offline and use the repository that was included with this zip file.\
\
4. Direct your browser to https://localhost:8443/ozone/desktop\
\
An important note for those who wish to run mvn assembly:assembly:\
\
The assembly plugin is configured to run two builds. The first is the offline-source-build, which is what produced the zipfile this readme is located within. \
\
The offline source build does two basic things. \
\
First, it copies everything from the project's base directory into the ozone-offline folder. \
\
Secondly, it copies everything from 
\f1\fs22 $\{\ul env\ulnone .HOME\}/.m2/repository 
\f0\fs24 to the ozone-offline/repository folder.\
\
Because of the first step, the repository folder as it exists in the base project will be copied. However, any jars you have in your local default maven repository will also be copied.\
\
This issue should not affect the all-in-one build.}